I started studying the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses when I was 14.
The moment I realized that God did exist, I was so happy and prayed saying,
I just assume you didn't exist, please forgive me.
Right away, I told my family that I wouldn't be able to join the Christmas
and birthday parties we cherished.
My mother called all our relatives and spoke to them in tears
as she told them that her daughter had joined a terrible religion.
She even told my study conductor to give back her daughter.
She felt like I was taken from her.
When I observed those things, at times, I felt as if I was doing something wrong.
But then, I knew that if I compromised, Jehovah would be sad.
Jehovah had kindly let me know the truth.
I strongly felt that in order to please him, I should not give up.
It would have been easy if I had given up then.
Yet I knew that if I did, I wouldn't be able to draw my parents to the truth.
I knew I could get emotional if I tried to talk with them face to face,
so I wrote them letters instead.
I prayed and prayed and kept telling my mother how much I appreciated her.
Gradually, she realized that she hadn't lost her daughter and she was relieved.
Now, someone is calling on her and we have a very peaceful and pleasant relationship.